PR - Integrate approved API SUPs (#124)
margo/specification: system-design/concepts/workload-fleet-managers/client-onboarding.md

# Device Client Onboarding

> To enable workload management, the device's client must first establish trust and complete an onboarding process with the End Users selected Workload Fleet Manager. This onboarding process enables late binding, which is a critical Margo non-functional requirement that enables a device to bind to any Margo compatible Workload Fleet Manager. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable workload management, the device's client first establishes trust and completes an onboarding process with the End Users' selected Workload Fleet Manager. This onboarding process enables late binding, which is a critical Margo non-functional requirement that enables a device to bind to any Margo-compatible Workload Fleet Manager. 
```

Reviewer: I think we should try to avoid using MUST, MAY, SHALL, SHOULD, etc. terms in the pages that are not specification pages.

The onboarding process includes several core functions:

- Establishing trust between the device and the WFM
- Registering the device client and assigning a unique identifier
- Reporting device capabilities to enable workload placement decisions

## Trust Establishment

Initial trust is established between the device's Workload Fleet Management (WFM) Client and the WFM using server-side TLS.

> Before the WFM Client can connect securely, it must obtain the WFM's root CA certificate. This trust anchor may be:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before the WFM Client can connect securely, it obtains the WFM's root CA certificate. This trust anchor can be:
```

- downloaded via the Certificate API, provided that an existing trusted channel is available, or

> - delivered out-of-band (e.g. preloaded by the device owner or transferred via USB)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- delivered out-of-band (e.g., preloaded by the device owner or transferred via USB)
```
